our votes only has its favor he said
have been do we could talk my place of
the week power buy stuff give me once
again and this episode is actually
pretty insane next week that's gonna be
a special for a challenge will doing on
Friday is gonna be a free-for-all
challenge to get ready for that to me
pretty insane so if you guys already set
it for that but this episode 9 she has
like three free fall such as I said I'm
talking really fast but anyways we've
got refuse he's actually new recruit to
store he just recently joined and he
dings the 1080 vertical drop back so
there we go
oh look at that that was sick refused I
liked it a lot because he was getting
shot at any at she was still able to you
know go for that reload 1080 vertigo
Suey very awesome I don't know how I get
level 55 already I don't know I was
really sick Rafi so that was really I
don't this refuses or refuse whichever
it was really fucking sick for things
we've got summer he gets a tag right
there and I've never seen a clip like
this before we it's a double wow I've
never seen a wallbang I've seen
something like that but it wasn't just
like that like that was unreal I was
like a double wall bang through like the
thickest thing in the fucking like how
do you wall danga no matter if they
tacked like it's stupid I don't have
even long big three shit like that
like it makes no sense that was fucking
amazing maybe if she got the headshot
who knows but that was insane so good
job dude
third place we've got Gibbs this clip I
fanboys so hard over Aaron's site look
at a single clap single single turns
around for the on speed motherfucking 5
yo what that was crazy
those that you of us advance music so
cuz I gotta came out right there imagine
if he came out like half a second
earlier that have been in the on screen
six and free-for-all with
ayran site look I have no words like
looking like grim she look at the bottom
up they got that rain emblem and you
guys probably think he's at the top of
that platform but he's not exactly Andre
so I don't know how he got that was
amazing grimsey literally amazing yatha
from theater was not recording amazing
now first place we've got literally one
of the craziest free-for-all clips in
the fucking history of freefall Clips
like this is the same so he gets a
single single single and there we go
there we go it's faded get single they
gets a fuckin triple for the on screen
511 kill streak as well that was insane
look at that
for the on 5 in free throw now I wanted
to get on 5 but he also got a trip on
that clip so that was insane this
episode was literally mind-blowing I'm
at you look i fanboy over all these
clips like I find them is insane buddy
with you guys doing submit clips you
know go check that out before you know
it's kind of
they're finally email and all that jazz
but anyways that has been your boy faze
rain if he has her new subscribe leave a
like to support the series this episodes
actually in saying yesterday uploaded at
you I think it was a pretty funny video
suspended talk of my first suspension
and you know I apologize I did not know
I talked with that on my second channel
people off comments I completely forgot
I made a video about that on my second
channel but I you know I this one was
his face cam this one was way more
detailed way more described I you know
out of the things I left out I explained
a lot better you know I got my facts
more straight cuz you know was a cut
calm and all that but I was also
uploaded a faster ride montage I really
loved the way that turned out and you
know once again guys do wanna go check
out the stuff gaming you know that would
be awesome
Scott female commies Cobre 5% discount
Bayesian stuff ones out soon about phase
ban
keep real everyone peace out
you